fix: New messages export overwrites previous one from the same day when using Amazon S3 (#32062)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/twelve-seas-battle.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
---

> Added file id to message exports zip file names in order to avoid overwriting previous exports generated in the same day when using external storage services (such as Amazon S3)

Reviewer: I think changeset doesn't have to mention things like ids and just get to wat was fixed.
```suggestion
Fixed an issue where old exports would get overwritten by new ones if generated on the same day, when using external storage services (such as Amazon S3)
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! That's much better
